What is Touque Dog?
------------------
Touque Dog is an extendible social networking platform, coded in the Ruby on Rails framework.  You can extend Touque Dog Core to any number of different configurations, by using Touque Dog plugins, such as forums, blogs, product reviews etc.

Features of Touque Dog Core:
----------------------------
Fully functioning User authentication and profiling system - Out of the box!
Serve your own ads
Built in User to User email, our Stickies notification system, Friendship creation
Extendible to any number of configurations with Touque Dog plugins


Where to find Touque Dog plugins:
---------------------------------

How to use Touque Dog in Development mode:
------------------------------------------
1. Download Touque Dog core from XXXX.
2. Change the default variables to match your site's name, etc.
3. Edit the mail settings for your Web Host, so you can send user authentication emails
3. Change the stylesheet to match your colour scheme.
4. Download plugins to give your user's something to do.

Touque Dog Core License 
---------
You are allowed to modify the source code of Touque_dog_core, Touque dog core, or any other spelling of this product, except when the modifying of the code is for the reselling of plugins, free or otherwise, the selling of support (free or otherwise) of any kind, and support contracts (free or otherwise) of any kind.

The selling of plugins, for free or for any generally recognized currency of any sort, is limited to an authorized plugin reseller, as deemed authorized by Ingram Internet Enterprises. 

So yes you can modify the code, as long as you aren't modifying the code for resale (free or for any generally accepted currency), to create another base code for the resale (free or for any generally accepted currency) of plugins, or to offer end user support.  You have many options instead: Join the development team to make this code stronger;  Create plugins to possibly make money;  Become an authorized support agent for this product instead.  Together, we can all win.